okey doke what time I got a little bit
after four
got all the shipments out from earlier
so everybody's on the way and I got a
few more breaks here to get going next
we got in line is Nick Dean it's gonna
track every gold certified by 76 and
Barry Sanders then we gotta think next
after that one was the ultimate
collection for Corey and I'm going to
open up panini and ship that for you
then we got Kyle but they're getting a
top stay hbu and a couple balls and we
got Matt getting on 3 committee so
without further delay by case of the
whole lawns just looking for cam newton
how hard is it we got 499 colin
kaepernick here's the autograph and they
some that want redemptions that's always
good base back back hits Wes Welker
patch gold one of 25 started him on my
fantasy league last week he dig awesome
20 yards by the DeMarco Murray they can
get a touchdown start a calvin johnson i
only have ely 999 Jon Baldwin going on
oh man I got the odds Marcell Dareus
rookie jersey
jordan shipley 250 red Quinn Carter 999
Razi Dowling 999 number 2 150 chris
johnson eddie george fabric of the game
I've seen Eddie George cards in a long
time by Michael for the shore how about
Kevin Smith Cadillac 250mg let's try
right onto autograph of Anthony Castonzo
red version 250 Niles Paul not ones 999
gold team Andre Johnson Julio Jones
jersey shirt off his old back to 50
red version louis murphy 250 new
generation ricky stanzi and 999
new generation Derek Sherrod 999 there
it is little Redemption 260 seen them
before forget it was I think Kyle
Rudolph I'll say Kyle Rudolph final
answer nope Shane Vereen the dual Jersey
auto edmonds Clyde gates 999 12 Woodson
250 last popular well Santana Moss
number 250 all white patch
there we go we get on Marcel Dareus
jerseys into the moms patch Julio Jones
Jersey Eddie George Christensen dual
jersey number 260 Shane Vereen Bulger's
an autograph Colin Kaepernick build to
jersey autographed Anthony Castonzo auto
and wes welker hatch three color Vic I
appreciate but I'll going to get these
package and drop them all tonight I
think a post office closes at two so
they'll definitely got tomorrow and then
it'll be close to a friday so they might
be running late getting dlb holiday
hours order but there'll be on the way
see ya
you